(Episode 30)
I had evidence.
The security footage
from the 18th floor.
I deleted it...
because I didn't want you to
get released.
You're really mean, Jin Young.
Ddak Ji's life...
was also on the line.
Do you want me to bring you
something to drink?
No, it's okay.
But what brings you here?
I'm sorry, Eun Bi.
I also feel apologetic
toward your brother.
I knew your brother was innocent,
but I pretended like I didn't know.
Lieutenant Jin.
I was really young back then.
So I wasn't thinking properly.
That's why I failed to
tell the world that...
your brother was innocent.
If you had told the truth back then,
do you think he would've been
ruled in court as innocent...
and would've avoided going to jail?
The people who believe that...
my brother's innocent is me,
my brother,
Officer Oh,
and you.
There's a total of four people now.
I'm very sorry.
I feel apologetic toward both you
and your brother.
I really don't know
how I should apologize.
There's nothing you can do now.
You can...
just feel sorry often...
and think of my brother.
I...
was really upset...
because no one in this world
seemed to feel...
apologetic toward my brother.
I know that...
you weren't the person who
made him suffer.
But if you truly feel sorry,
please don't forget about him...
and keep feeling sorry.
Here's your pizza.
Bye, then.
Are you home?
My goodness, why did you buy pizza?
I normally can't buy this because
it's so expensive.
I was worried that you might
not have eaten dinner yet.
I hope you enjoy it.
Thank you. Let's eat.
Mom, did you visit Dad's grave?
Yes, I did.
Let's go together next time.
Okay.
Hey.
Right now?
Okay, I'll be right there.
Mom, I'll be right back.
Where are you going?
Upstairs. He has something
to say to me.
My goodness. Hey.
At this hour?
You worked together all day,
and you'll be seeing him tomorrow.
Why does he have to
talk to you at this hour?
It's regarding work.
I'll be right back.
I really don't like that you spend
too much time with him.
I don't want people to
see you guys together.
And I'm also scared that
someone like him...
might lose his mind and
start liking you.
Mom.
What?
I don't want you to talk badly
about Officer Oh from now on.
Why not? Do you have
feelings for him?
No, I don't deserve to like him.
Why? Why not?
Just do as I say.
From now on, I want you to
treat him with respect.
Please do me a favor.
I'm going to go now.
(General Manager Kwak,
Assistant Manager Ki, Killer)
(Witness, Betray)
(Odong Blowfish House)
(Prosecutor Joo Sung Woo, Ms. Hong)
(Murder, Mr. Cha)
(Witness, Betray)
It's open.
Come in.
You and Chul Gi seemed to be
talking about something serious.
What was it about?
I called you over to tell you.
What is it?
Gook Su Ran.
(Witness, Betray, Murder,
Prosecutor Joo Sung Woo, Ms. Hong)
This means Lee Kwang Ho
killed everyone.
We'll be able to arrest him if we
succeed in making this public.
But there's no evidence.
That's the problem.
Gook Su Ran's been around
Lee Kwang Ho for years,
but we still won't be able to lock
him up with just her testimony.
Do you think we should look into
Ms. Hong?
Yes, I'm thinking about doing that
starting from tomorrow.
Mr. Cha probably took care of
the scene, right?
Probably.
He went missing after that incident.
I'm pretty sure Gook Su Ran
knows where he is.
Let's go ask her tomorrow.
No, you should look into
Ms. Hong tomorrow.
I'll go see Chairwoman Gook.
- Why?
- You and Inspector Park...
are going to get punished tomorrow.
You guys lost a witness.
He told me to give you
a heads up.
(Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency)
They'll probably receive
a pay cut, right?
Really? My gosh.
What are you doing?
What happened?
What do you think? We need to
wait a couple of days.
I'm glad you're not going to
get punished right away.
I was worried that we'd end up
as sitting ducks.
I think they wanted to
make us stay quiet.
We were told to find
Jang Pil Sung quietly.
It's a very sensitive issue,
so I understand.
It's big enough to cause chaos.
Hey, that's enough.
Continue with your work.
- Yes, sir.
Where's Officer Oh?
Is she really not going to see me?
- Of course.
- Did you really tell her?
Did you really tell her
that I'm here.
Do you think I don't know how to
tell her something that simple?
Yes.
- You little...
- You piece of...
Don't get on my nerves.
I really hate you.
- I don't...
- Shut it.
- Shut your mouth.
- What?
Be quiet, you guys.
You're being too loud.
Tell Chairwoman Gook that...
I'll be waiting for her call.
Okay.
Let me ask you one last time.
Is she really not going to see me?
I'll let you in on some information.
She's busy because of
Manager Lee's son.
Something huge is going to
happen today.
Get lost.
Do you think you're
the Power Rangers?
You jerk.
(Manager Lee Kwang Ho's
Emergency Press Conference)
I acknowledge and admit to
my son's charges,
and I repent on the fact that
I didn't do a good job...
in educating my own son.
Of course, the main reason for this
was his mental disorder.
But I should've shown more
interest in...
Are you really worried about me?
At times like this, it feels like
you're my birth mother.
Chairwoman Gook, Kim Jong Sam...
Let's talk later.
Where's General Manager Kwak?
I heard you were the one who
took care of Young Min's mess.
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
Your fault?
Then maybe, you might end up
standing in court with Young Min.
How is Chairwoman Gook doing?
She's busy as always.
Keep updating me about her.
- Pardon?
- Do you have trouble hearing?
I'll get you
out of Young Min's case,
so keep your eyes on her.
Yes, sir.
You must know what it means
for me to order you directly, right?
From now on, remember that
many eyes are on you.
Watch your actions.
Yes, sir.
(Arrest Warrant)
(Judge: Joo Dong Min)
(Kim Yoon Su)
(Supreme Prosecutors' Office)
Goodness.
Your father is so smart.
How can he turn his son
into a patient with schizophrenia?
Just do your job.
Yes. I'm all done.
I stamped my last stamp
especially nicely.
(Arrest Warrant)
You're free to go.
Goodness.
What brings you all the way here?
I came to see Young Min off.
I wouldn't be here to see you now,
would I?
Of course not.
You wouldn't come to see me.
I got excited for nothing.
I want to be alone now.
You should go.
Get your treatment,
and I will see you again soon.
You should go.
What are you doing?
It will only take a minute.
You can wait outside.
Manager Lee won't be happy
if he finds out.
Then go ahead, and report to him.
I'll talk to Young Min
in the meanwhile.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'll go to the hospital
like he asked me to.
You can wait outside.
I'll give you three minutes.
You haven't visited in a while,
so I thought you gave up on me.
What do you mean?
I've known you for so long.
Will there...
be a way for me?
I'll be stuck in a hospital forever.
I'll really go insane.
No.
It'll only be until
the public calms down.
I'll find a way, so don't...
There's no need.
Just avenge me.
My father. No,
Manager Lee.
I'm not saying I'm innocent.
However, he never treated me
like his son.
But when it's important, he uses the
media to reiterate the fact...
that I'm not his birth son.
He adopted me
for his election campaign.
And this is how he throws me away?
How can I avenge you?
He's still your father.
He's a perfectionist.
It's hard to find his weakness.
I'll give it to you.
His weakness.
I was thinking of giving it
to Prosecutor Kim,
but I didn't feel like it.
So, I'm giving it to you.
I just...
wanted to give it to you.
If he ever betrays you,
you can use it.
What is it?
There is a picture behind the frame.
It could hurt you too.
So, be careful what you use
when you avenge me.
(Equipment Room)
- What did Gook Su Ran say?
- I didn't get to see her.
She won't meet with me.
Maybe she changed her mind,
but I have a bad feeling.
What about you?
They haven't decided
on the disciplinary action.
All I know is that Ms. Hong
was an orphan.
That's it.
An orphan?
She's not from Chungsol Orphanage,
is she?
I think it was Hope Orphanage.
Hope Orphanage?
It's such a common name.
I copied the GPS records
from Chairwoman Gook's car.
I dropped it to the Forensics Team.
What are you two doing?
Nothing, sir.
Mr. Oh, you were late
without notice,
and you are whispering.
It's not nothing.
Tell me.
Are you investigating something
on your own?
Chairwoman Gook...
What about her?
(YM Venture Enterprise)
December 29, 2007. Gahoe-dong.
904-2.
10:57pm.
(Odong Blowfish House)
Odong Blowfish House.
[Kocowa Ver] E30 Doubtful Victory "I'm Sorry"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Help...
Help me...
Lee Kwang Ho...
(Circuit breaker)
From now,
you're the real culprit
of this case.
Lee Kwang Ho, Gook Su Ran...
(Lee Kwang Ho, Gook Su Ran)
11:08pm.
Covered up Lee Kwang Ho
and Gook Su Ran's murder scene.
We received information
from the police.
They're on their way
to the mental institute.
Why?
Gook Su Ran went there
a few days ago.
It was on the exact date
Young Min was arrested.
I was wondering how she
figured it out,
but that's where she hid him?
I need you to go into action.
Get there before anyone...
and check who or what is there
and call me.
Make sure to keep yourself hidden.
Yes, sir.
If Chairwoman Gook
gave a new testimony,
you can just investigate
in the open.
Why did you hide it?
- I'm sorry.
Is there something else
I should know?
No, sir.
Who has the case file?
Bring it to me.
Who has the file? Bring it over!
I have it.
Bring it to me.
Okay.
(2007 Odong Blowfish House Murder)
Are you crazy?
Jang Pil Sung disappeared last night
during an interrogation.
Why did I get the report so late?
I'm sorry.
We had some reorganizing to do.
I heard that Gook Su Ran took him.
Are you sure he's alive?
We're not sure,
but it's highly likely.
Then, you should be at Erim Food
to check!
Sir.
We already went.
They wouldn't let us in.
Hello?
I looked into the GPS.
There's nothing much.
There is a record
of a mental institute.
Okay.
Chairwoman Gook must be
at a mental institute in the suburb.
A mental institute?
Yes.
Is that
where she's hiding Jang Pil Sung?
Then hurry up, and go check.
Let's go.
(Hangang Hospital)
You two, keep going up!
Okay!
Where did the patient
in the last room go?
Is he not in there?
He was there just a second ago.
Did he go for a walk?
Is she there?
Where next?
This way.
Gook Su Ran!
(Odong Blowfish House)
"Odong Blowfish House".
It's obviously evidence.
Were you trying
to destroy evidence?
(Odong Blowfish House)
Gook Su Ran.
You're under arrest as the suspect
of Odong Blowfish House Murder.
Mr. Cha. Look for Mr. Cha first!
Let's go.
Was it you?
And you lied to me?
It wasn't enough to blame
innocent young kids,
and it wasn't enough
to kill Ddak Ji?
Why did you lie to me again?
You're foolish.
You still don't know
who is on your side.
What are you doing? Take her.
Okay.
Officer Oh, get the evidence.
(Personal Background)
(Name: Kim Jong Sam)
(Odong Blowfish House)
(Personal Background)
Sir, the result for
Chairwoman Gook's evidence came out.
Should I go get it?
No.
I'll go.
Okay.
Chairwoman Gook.
Where is Jang Pil Sung?
We know he's alive.
Where is he?
We checked,
and the blood belongs
to Prosecutor Joo Sung Woo.
The fingerprints on the handle...
belong to you.
My service to you, Mr. Lee.
Did you kill Ms. Hong too?
All right.
We'll take it slow.
We have a lot of time.
We have a lot to talk about
other than this case.
Get a statement from her first.
Gook Su Ran.
Is it over?
Did she confess?
No.
Let's not get too anxious.
The truth will be revealed one day.
But still...
we got this far,
and we even arrested Gook Su Ran.
Hello.
Arrest him.
Pardon?
I said, "arrest him".
You're a fake.
(2007 Odong Blowfish House Murder)
Am I wrong?
Kim Jong Sam?
(Personal Background)
(Kim Jong Sam)
(Oh Il Seung)
Jin Jin Young.
Handcuff him.
I said, "handcuff him".
(Oh, the Mysterious / Doubtful Victory)
- Where are you going?
- Running away.
Running away won't solve anything.
It's a crime to impersonate
an officer.
Are you going to arrest him?
You won't be able to.
Where should I take him?
Where he should have gone
a long time ago.
I think Mr. Cha is in danger.
Where is Officer Oh?
I must speak to Chairwoman Gook.
How much of it is true?
Do you still not see
who's on your side?
- Did Lee Kwang Ho do it?
- What if he did?
I'll have to arrest him.